  The recipe website, aka the first Odin's project and the first big step on the dev career. This project is meant to be the first contact with actually building a basic -- but efficient -- HTML webpage structure. 
  
  It's not flashy, it's not modern, it's not... good? But here are the major and basic concepts of HMTL applied. Here, one can learn the entire structure of an HTML document, starting by doctype, the html, head, meta, title and body tags, as well as text formatting like the p, strong and em tags. Also referring to external sources, like websites (and thus, not relying on a simple one-page-website,) with anchor tags and images, referring to local storage or in the cloud. 
  
  Paraphrasing Neil Armstrong, "One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind". One small step for programming, one giant leap for the student. Like stated before, this is the first approach of the student with a real programming environment, where you're expected to do some stuff your client's requiring. But it's already enough for you to take a taste of what is like to program, see if you like it and/or find it fun. My personal thoughts? It was absolutely fun! Definitely loved the experience, the hours flied by while solving the puzzle. It's far easier to all the contents stick in your brain when you actively see how they work and behave, seeing what works, what not and actually typing instead of just read and watch endless topics and tutorials. 
  And [that's](https://eduarderich.github.io/odin-recipes/index.html) the final result.
